README.md, before:

# Combiner
   This is a simple project implementing an algorithm which takes as input a number of lists containing objects and generates an output with a number of lists containing the given objects, in such a way that the elements from the input are combined and returned as the output according to the following pattern:
   
   input: [[a1,a2],[b1,b2],[c1,c2]]  
   output: [[a1,b1,c1],[a1,b1,c2],[a1,b2,c1],[a1,b2,c2],[a2,b1,c1],[a2,b1,c2],[a2,b2,c1],[a2,b2,c2]]

# License

   Copyright 2021 Lukasz Kowalczyk

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Additional method which limits the output added to the ICombiner interface and implemented in Combiner; unit tests adjusted; description in the readme file updated; year in the copyright notice added

README.md, after:

# Combiner
   This is a simple project implementing an algorithm which takes as input a number of lists containing objects and generates an output with a number of lists containing the given objects, in such a way that the elements from the input are combined and returned as the output according to the following pattern:
   
   input: [[a1,a2],[b1,b2],[c1,c2]]  
   output: [[a1,b1,c1],[a1,b1,c2],[a1,b2,c1],[a1,b2,c2],[a2,b1,c1],[a2,b1,c2],[a2,b2,c1],[a2,b2,c2]]

   The given input can be of any size and the size of each list in the input can be arbitrary. It is possilbe to limit the result and return only every k-th element from the output.

# License

   Copyright 2021, 2022 Lukasz Kowalczyk

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
